(Daniel)
I wondered how I reached this
point.
(Daniel)
How my dreams kept me from
living.
(Daniel)
As in most stories, it all
started a while ago.
(Daniel)
It all started when she leaped
into my life.
Hi.
Yes, you.
Hey. I'm Daisy.
What's your name?
Daniel.
Hi Daniel.
Well, looks like we are
neighbors.
¶ [Ballad music playing]
This is you, and this is me...
...and we can live together in
the castle.
What do you mean  we ?
Look, if we are going to be
living here together in the
castle, you better watch out for
dragons, I mean...
They breath fire, you know!
I'm gonna get you for that!
(Daisy)
Can fate and chance make worlds
collide while holding hands to
walk the tides?
I hide behind my see through
walls and hope his spirit hears
my calls.
Trapped in my youth of here and
now to find his love...
I don't know how.
I've always wondered, why don't
you ever talk about your mom and
dad?
I mean, I know you live with
your grandma, but do you ever
get to see them?
To be honest... I don't even
remember what my mom and dad
looked like.
No one gives me a straight
answer. It's like a freaking
mystery.
From what I gather, my dad's
some Mexican guy that bailed on
my mom when she was pregnant
with me.
[Daisy]
Yeah? We have something in
common.
Oh yeah, what's that?
I never really knew my dad
either. He bailed on my mom and
me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Don't be. Like my mom always
says."It's an old story in a big
city".
Wait!
Aren't you forgetting something?
Here.
It's your very own book of
shadows.
You can fill it with your dreams
and poetry...
...even lyrics for that silly
little rock band you're
starting.
It's not a silly rock band!
We're gonna unleash the horns of
rock on the world!
And thanks.
¶ [Loud Rock music]
[Knock on door]
¶ [Loud Rock music continues]
Gonna make me break this door
down?
[Knocking on door continues]
Shit! There goes my American
Stress.
Let's go Mexican.
Much better.
[Music stops]
What the hell, man?
Dude, I don't speak Spanish,
remember?
Gosh! What are you even doing
here in the first place?
What do you mean you don't speak
Spanish? What kind of a Mexican
are you?
' No espeaky Spanish '. Speak
English!
Get up.
Get in the shower. I'm taking
your ass back to Mexico!
Who do you think you are?
I don't see you in years and you
just come barging in here
telling me you're taking me to
Mexico?
Says who? On whose authority?
On the authority of the one who
pays your bills. Is that enough
for you?
Grandma?
What did I do? You didn't say
anything, now, did you?
No. Not yet. But I will...
...unless you get your  nalgas in
the shower right now!
Okay!
This is your car?
Yeap!
Can I drive it?
No.  That's never gonna happen.
Hasta crees, güey.
Hey! What's up, buddy?
Grandma, do you have the rolled
tacos with the guacamole?
No. Eat your  lengua .
What's  lengua ?
Tongue.
(Daniel)
Great!
My first french kiss in Mexico
is with a damned cow.
Are you taking care of my house?
[Whistles]
...clean as a whistle.
We are going to the hairdresser.
You're getting a haircut?
No, you are getting a haircut!
What?
I can't cut my hair! This is my
source of rock n' roll power!
It's my lion's mane!
Remember what happened to
Sampson?
On a bad hair day.
You are getting a haircut... ¡y
punto!
You better eat it all up. You're
gonna need your strength.
I'm running some errands in TJ
later...
I don't need a psychologist!
And eat your  lengua .
I can understand what you guys
are saying.
I can understand perfectly. I
just cant speak it.
So, what are you guys talking
about?
Personally I think he looked
better as a girl.
This is the way to the doctor's?
Are you sure it's safe?
Sure it's safe, unless you look
like a tourist.
What kind of doctor is this?
She's no doctor.
You don't speak Spanish do you?
Inside.
It's me!
I know it's you!
Sit down.
Take off your shirt.
Excuse me?
Take off your shirt, now!
You better do it or she might
turn you into a...
I'm serious.
Just as I suspected.
What is this?
Stay there.
Probably you are gonna need one
too.
Maybe I should have one too just
in case...
Shhh!
Unfortunately I don't know what
to do about it.
I feel a strong presence.
[In a dark voice]
Daniel.
You gave your heart to someone
who didn't accept it.
And now it can't survive on its
own.
There is hope, but you have to
leave now.
Rodrigo!
[Bottle falls]
What just happened?
Your grandfather just showed us
the way.
If you want to live, both of you
have to leave now and find the
cure.
I gotta go home and back, and...
I don't have any clothes...
There's no time to spare!
I don't know how long it will be
before the darkness takes over
your heart.
Borrow some of Rodrigo's
clothes.
Yeah.
You can borrow some of my
clothes, and then I'll take you
to the bus terminal.
No. I've seen Mexican buses in
movies and they're full of
chickens and pigs.
Is there at least like a
Greyhound or something?
You're going with him!
Eyyy!
Both of you have to leave now!
Now!
Wait!
There's a long way between here
and where you need to go.
Let the arrows guide the way.
You must pay attention to the
signs.
Everything is an omen.
Every person, a guide, a
misguide,...
...an angel  o demonio .
Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
Hey!
¶ [Mexican rap playing]
This is a clean machine.
And this is her Chardonnay.
You always have to make sure
she's perfectly lubed.
You know what? You actually look
pretty good.
Well, I feel like a drug dealer.
[Rattlesnake sounds]
Rodrigo!
What is she doing here?
¡Ayy, cabrón! Get in the car!
Open the door!
You can run, cabrón ! But you
can't hide!
What happened back there with
Tía Mirna?
Forget it.  You know she's gonna
strip me bare while I'm away in
this  pinche trip with you.
So, we might as well enjoy it.
So there's no problem with
drinking and driving here?
That depends.
On what?
On whether you get caught or
not. So yo better pace yourself,
cabrón .
Well, when in Rome...
Huh?
Did you fart?
No!
Why does it smell like
something's burning?
It's just your car.
No!
- Well, pull over! Pull over!
- What?
The car is on fire! Pull over!
Alright!
[Daniel]
What are you doing?
¡Ayy, güey!
What the hell? I told Pepe to
check everything!
Someone is getting so fired.
You know what I think? I think
this is a bad omen.
How is this a bad omen?
It's some idiot forgetting to
put the cap back on the oil.
How is that a bad omen?
Weren't you the last one who
checked the oil?
You know what? Why don't you
just go and check out the kick
ass view?
[Acoustic guitar playing]
¶ It's the lonely road I'm
traveling
¶ I'm past a broken man.
¶ Heading for destruction with a
curse upon my head.
¶ Faith has got me now and it's
time for me to fly.
¶ Faith has got me now and no
time to say goodbye.
¶ Daisy, you'll see.
¶ It doesn't matter the road I'm
running...
¶ ...or the way the wind is
blowing,...
¶ ...it all comes back to you.
(Daniel)
So there I was, at the
crossroads...
(Daniel)
...with a broken car, a crazy
uncle...
(Daniel)
...and her name in every song I
heard.
(Daniel)
Standing on the edge, with only
one way to go...
Hey!
So, what's in the bag? Did you
bring lunch?
Funny you should ask. Let's
walk.
So, how did you like our demo?
I loved your demo.
But what I really loved is the
lyrics.
They're so poetic.
It's because they are for you.
For me?
I'm serious.
Everything I do is because of
you.
But it wasn't till right now
that I was man enough to tell
you.
No!
What's the matter?
Daniel, I can't be with you.
I can't have you sacrifice your
life for the sake of saving
mine.
Do you even love this other guy?
It just happened.
So, then I'll take care of you.
I'll take care of you and the
baby.
We'll get married and we'll
start our own lives together.
I have to go.
I'm sorry.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Didn't you read then sign?
Your uncle is looking for you.
Thanks.
[Whistle]
¡Cabroncito!
Step away from the ledge.
What are you doing?
Who's that girl?
What girl?
The girl you sent to come get
me.
I'm worried you might be getting
sun stroke.
Lucky for you we have the
perfect remedy for that in the
car.
That is amazing!
I told you! Newsweek says it's
one of the best places to eat in
the whole world.
That was awesome!
Give me some dollars.
Why?
Because I got the food, you get
the music.
I don't have any money!
Run!
The car is that way!
You guys are great! Really good!
You know I'm really glad we got
to do this...
...you and me, partiendo la
Baja.
Me too, uncle.
You keep your eyes on the road
because the fog, see, it could
be bad.
We'll just stop and pull over.
No, no, you don;t want to do
that.
Why not?
Because there could be  bandidos
on this road.
So, then we won't stop.
Exactly.  If you see someone on
this road trying to make you
stop, you don't!
As a matter of fact, you aim
well and step on it all the way.
You mean, run them over?
Yeah!
But what if they have like a gun
or something?
Then you step on it and duck!
Hey uncle, can you tell me about
my grandpa?
I don't remember much.
He loved music- that's where you
got your passion from.
He used to bring out his guitar
and he'd make me and your mom
sing to him.
You know, she had the most
beautiful voice.
Try and keep the car steady,
alright?
What are you doing?
I need to pee.
Alright. So, we'll pull over...
No, I can do it in the bottle
just try...
No! You are not doing it in the
bottle!
Oh, gosh!
[Sound of bottle being filled]
Hey uncle...
Hmmm.
What did you say about  bandidos
I don't know. I don't remember.
Why?
Cuz these guys want us to stop.
No! Stop the car!
Are these  bandidos ?
No, they are worse! They are
bandidos with a license!
Hurry up!
Listen to me.  Whatever happens
you let me do the talking, okay?
Hola!
No.
My cookies!
Don't push it! Okay? We are
lucky they didn't take our
calzones .
Just get in the car!
(Rodrigo)
Tell me again about this girl.
Who? Daisy?
Is that her name?
Yeah.
So, yeah.  Tell me about Daisy.
We kind of grew up together and
she lived next door to me.
We always had this amazing
connection.
You wouldn't believe her poetry.
I mean, she is the best writer I
ever read.
Is she hot?
What?
You know...
Are you...? Oh, come on! Really?
What?
She's a  gringa , yeah?
Yeah.
You better watch out for those
American girls.
They'll rip your heart and throw
it in the trash like a piece of
rotten meat.
Why? Did you ever have to deal
with a heartbreak?
Oh yeah!
But let me tell you something.
The difference between American
women and Latin women...
...American women, they'll rip
out your heart,...
...but Latin women...they'll rip
out your  huevos !
Comprende?
The fog is getting really thick
and I'm getting pretty
tired...we must have passed the
hotel.
I already told you, we haven't
passed it. Just keep driving!
If you want to drive, be my
guest, cause I need a bed now!
Well, that's why we have to find
the hotel.
You said you knew where it was!
Well, this fog is confusing me,
alright?
Just pull over and we'll wait
for it to clear!
Are you ready to go eat?
We should probably head out...
the fog is probably...
You've got to be kidding me!
I'm such an idiot! What am I
doing here?
Buenos días.
Sleep well?
I slept in the car.
Oh, I slept in the hotel.
Why didn't you wake me up?
Because you were sleeping like a
baby. I didn't want to wake you
up.
Help me put these in the car...
No, I have to make a phone call!
[Dial tone]
¿Cómo se dice... ?
...collect call...Estados
Unidos...
The United States. I need to
make a phone call to the United
States.
Hey, uncle...
You know I've never seen a
picture of my mom.
Did you guys look alike?
No.
No, she was beautiful.
I inherited the more macho
rugged looks of my father.
You never finished telling me
how he died.
(Rodrigo)
One day we went swimming. He
dove into the water...
...he didn't know a week before
they dumped cement pylons into
the ocean.
He broke his neck.
He died instantly.
Can you imagine being 12 years
old and having to drag your
father's body out of the water?
We got him to the bed of his
truck...
...drove him to the ranch...
...haven't moved it ever since.
I'm sorry, uncle.
I'm having a déjà vu.
This guy isn't going to screw us
over, is he?
Not if you don't give me no
reason.
You speak English?
I'm from Huntington Beach.
What are you doing out here?
Look, let's just say that the
less you know, the better.
There's something we have to
worry about, isn't there?
I'm messing with you!
Really?
Okay. I swallowed some condoms
full of drugs...
...that I have to crap out, but
that's not till we get there.
What? Are you kidding me?
You know, you guys are okay. The
minute I get there, you're off
the hook.
You're not serious, are you?
Nah, messing with you!
I think you were telling the
truth. I mean, why would the
Federales just let us go?
Drunk driving is the least of
their worries.
Of course, if you really, really
want to know...
...you can always cut me open
and find out, if you dare.
Come on, gentlemen.
This here is for our protection
and the protection of our
merchandise.
You know? I think what we need
is a little music to lighten the
moment.
So, turn the radio on.
[Radio tuning]
Come on, keep trying! There's
always something.
[Mexican rap song plays]
Hey look, look!
¶ Ya estás aquí. No hay vuelta
atrás.
¶ No importa el mañana. Estamos
en Tijuana.
Is that the only song they play
in Mexico?
You're uptight.
You are gonna love Santa
Rosalía. You'll thank me for it.
Why do I have the feeling we are
totally and utterly screwed?
You know? They got a cathedral
there that was designed by
Gustav Eiffel.
The same guy that designed the
Eiffel Tower?
Very same one.
We should go check that out.
Everything there is French.
Including the french horse.
Why do we care about french
horses?
Not horses! French horse!
He means horse.
Like the ones that run down the
racetrack...
Horse!
Putas, prostitutas...
Ohh. Whores!
What are they doing all the way
out here? I mean, isn't Paris
the place to be for that?
There used to be a french mining
company there and when they
left, they left everything
french.
Including the french horse.
Whores!
It sounds the same to me.
Somehow I don't think you want
to mistake the one for the
other.
I guess not.
You will love it there! You
know, the mixture of the
races...the French and the
Mexican...
Man, I'm getting excited. I
think I'm popping wood...
All right! Save it for when we
get there!
You know  Sobrino , this could
actually be good for you.
Forget about that heartbreak of
yours.
I'm fine, Uncle.
Don't worry about it.
You are not a virgin, are you?
He's no virgin, you know, he is
my nephew!
Hey, maybe we can get a discount
for deflowering him!
I'm not a virgin! I'm not a
virgin!
Okay, okay, relax, relax.
We're just gonna go there, talk
to them, have a couple of
drinks.  It'll be perfectly
innocent.
Come on! Aren't you even a
little bit curious, french
whores in Mexico, Señor ?
The best way to forget about
women is with more women.
Listen to your uncle.
So it's settled then.  We'll go
there.  I'll buy, I'll buy!
Cocktails.
Listen, listen, listen!
¶ [Mexican rap song playing]
¶ Ya estoy aquí, listo para el
reventón pa quitarme la tristeza
que nubla mi razón.
¶ Y bailar hasta que cierre la
puerta del salón. Y hasta
entonces no me voy!
¶ Ya estoy aquí, soñando con el
apretón de una morra que me
quiera y me alegre el corazón...
¶ ...y que mueva la cintura con
la tarola y con el acordión!
¶ Véngase pa'ca, muévase mamá.
No me tengas esperando que te
voy a alucinar.
You're spilling it everywhere!
¶ [Music continues playing on
the radio]
Somehow, I was expecting
something more in the Eiffel
Tower,...
...Statue of Liberty, Notre Dame
Cathedral realm.
I need to pee.
There has to be a bathroom
around here somewhere. I don't
think Mr. Eiffel overlooked
that.
Hey guys, I'll catch up with
you, alright?
You've got to be kidding me!
¡Estás en México! ¡En México!
Joto.
(In a French accent)
Comprendre?
¶ I know it hurts and it's hard
to move on when you don't
know...
¶ ...how to cope with it all.
¶  Sometimes you know that you
need ...
(Voice of different choir
singer)
¶ ...cover the scars that she
caused when she left you behind.
¶ But you'll find in me all the
strength that you need to be
free.
I'm a Chicano.
Where are my friends?
The two older guys that were
peeing on the street?
Must be them.
Police took them.
Are you okay?
Maybe I can give you some
advice.
Right now, I'm having a hard
time believing in God.
Why give me the talents and take
away my inspirations?
A wise man built his house on a
rock. The rains came and it
never fell.
A foolish man built his house on
the sand.
The rains came, and beat on that
house, and great was it's fall.
I'm not sure how that applies to
me.
Where did you build your house?
What do you mean?
If you have the foundation, you
can weather any storm that life
will bring you.
I don't care about foundations,
alright? I just care about
Daisy, and I need to get back to
her.
Where is the jail?
Baby.
¡No!
[Car engine starts, tires
screech]
Hi. Ah, hola .
...peeing in front of the
cathedral?
- Huh?
- They left!
Oh my gosh! Where did they go?
I'm a police officer, not a tour
guide.
Hey, excuse me.
Please tell me you speak
English.
- English?
- Yes.
Me?
Do I speak English?
- Yes!
- No!
Nah, I'm just kidding. I speak
English.
Do you know a place where they
have french whores?
French... horse?
Yeah, french whores.
You want a french horse?
Does it have to be french?
No! French prostitutes!
Mujeres ! Women!
Ohh, putas !
Yeah!
You go... over there... there's
a house...
...that has the french whores.
All kinds of whores.
They got them all over there.
Five... five... kilometers!
Five kilometers?
Five kilometers.  That's just
till you get out of town.
Then, once you are over there,
you're gonna go another three or
four miles...
... and then there's like a
bridge and a palm tree.  Once
you're ther.. you're gonna
keep going...
... and then you're gonna go
another three or four miles and
it's over that way.... and
you'll get there.
Three or four miles.
Is there a trolley or a bus?
No, there's no trolley or bus...
...hey, you know what? I gotta
horse I can rent to you. It will
take you there.
Twenty dollars... one way...
it'll take you.
One way? How am I gonna get him
back?
The horse knows it's way back.
He lives over here!
I thought you said he was a
horse!
He's a horse! He's a horse!
Well... he is mostly horse.
Eighty percent he is a horse.
His mom... maybe not so much
horse...
He's a donkey!
Okay... technically, maybe yes,
but... half.  His mom was a
donkey, but we don't talk about
her too much.
His dad, now... todo horse! If
you look down there, you'll see
he was a thoroughbred.
Okay, all you gotta do... is you
gotta hold on to these things...
and then you go, 'gitty
up'...not yet though... and I'll
buckle you in.
You gotta hold on for the ride
of your life because he can get
up to a full 5 mph if you push
him really hard.
Now, I'm also gonna give you
this...because it can get a
little rough down there.
You hold on to this, and if you
get into any trouble, start
swinging that thing.
Not at me! Wait till you get out
of here first.  Okay, hold on.
You ready?
So... what do I say?
You gonna... you tell him the
password, and he knows the way.
You go like this... hey! Cuchi,
cuchi, cola . You know the way.
Cuchi, cuchi ...
Arre ! Let's go!
Cuchi what?  Cuchi what?
Thank you.
[French music playing and crowd
talking]
[Machete dropped]
I'm... I'm looking for two men.
Ahh! I see. Well, we only have
girls here.
No, no... I don't mean... I love
women.
It's okay! No judging here!
No, no. It's not that. I'm
looking for my uncle and some
guy.
Hey! There he is! Come over
here!
Ahh! Ménage à trois .
If there's one thing a man can
always find is the...
Hey, sobrino . Come here. You
gotta try some of this elixir.
Hey, I don't know. Be careful,
that's for men.
Hey Cherrie! These are my
friends. Anything they want, is
on me.
Except this one... she'll be on
me later.
You two are just in time for the
show.
The show? What show?
The show.
The show?
I don't know...
Jolie femmes ! Come down!
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
Do you speak English?
Some.
Is this your first time?
Look, you don't have to do this.
I don't want you to do this!
[Flaco groans]
Hey Flaco!
[Groans and pushes]
¡No!
[Whip lash]
[Mariachi scream]
I don't understand. What are you
doing here?
Does your family know you're
here?
I'm here for my little sisters
and brothers.
They need a roof over their
heads. This is the only way.
I can take you out of here.
I like it! I like it! I like it!
I like it!
[Gunshots and screams]
What did they say?
¡It's a raid!
We gotta get out of here!
No, wait! I gotta find my uncle.
Go, go! You get out of here!
Sorry!
- Sobrino , is that you?
- Yeah, it's me!
Oh, I've never been so happy to
see you! Cut me loose! Cut me
loose!
Cuchi cola ?
What?
Nothing!
Where are my clothes?
Here, take this!
Wait! What about Flaco?
What about Flaco?
Well, we can't just leave him
here!
Sure we can! Just watch!
No, no! I'm gonna find him!
Where are my pants?
I don't know! Just, come on!
Should have stayed in jail!
[Gunshots and screams continue]
[Indistinct yelling]
- The coast is clear.
- Let's go.
Conchita.
¡Mi Conchita! ¡Mi Conchita! ¡No!
Your taillight is busted!
Okay, okay. Where exactly did
you say he was?
I don't know. Let's just go find
him.
Stay quiet! No!
Is he dead?
Yeah, he looks pretty dead to
me. Let's go!
No! He's breathing. Come on,
help me!
Just pull his pants up.
I'm not gonna pull his pants up!
You've got to pull his pants up.
Come on, hurry!
You've got to zip him up too!
You zip him up!
I'm not zipping him up! You
crazy?
Let's just go!
This guy is heavy for a  Flaco .
Maybe he didn't poop the drugs
out yet.
The car's that way.
Put him down!
Get the keys.
[Mexican rap playing]
If your grandmother asks, that
did not happen!
Wait, wait, listen!
It's our song!
Oh, yeah!
[Singing along]
¶ ¡Véngase pa ca! ¡Muévase mamá!
You know, I always felt
that same pain.
You're that girl.
Who are you?
You can see I'm your guardian
angel.
I'm scared.
I'm afraid I can't live without
her.
Well, this is why you're here.
Just stay the course. Follow the
arrows and you'll find the
roots.
But, is this root really gonna
cure me?
I mean, what am I supposed to
do? Make it a tea? Eat it? Smoke
it? Or...
¡No!
Hey look! He's alive!
We saved your  nalgas from the
Narcotráfico and the Federales,
cabrón.
Well, you were supposed to leave
me there.
Oh, you see! I told you!
We weren't gonna leave you
there! You would have been
killed by the drug dealers or
arrested by the Federales.
Either way, we saved your
nalgas !
No, mijo .  I'm DEA.
Congratulations, gentlemen.
You've just participated in your
firs bi-national drug sting.
You two guys are heroes.
Wait!
What?
You're a  pinche gringo police!
I told you I was from Huntington
Beach!
So, I guess you didn't swallow a
condom full of drugs?
Hey, I don't swallow...
...and I wasn't gonna let you
blow my cover.
So, where are we?
I don't know.
We are somewhere close to
Constitución.
Really? Consitución... you know,
there's this little Mexican
restaurant...
...if you go straight, and then
as you turn south, it should be
right there.
You guys hungry? I'll treat. You
know, on me.
Hey! I was gonna buy you
breakfast!
Was that close to the
restaurant?
Not far enough.
Hey, we are getting pretty close
to the ranch.
Excited?
About what?
What do you mean about what?
This is the end of our
adventure.
Oh really? So, this is where you
tell me about all these
ridiculous secrets?
About how my mom died and why no
one has ever showed me a damn
picture of her?
You know what? You can't even
begin to understand...
Why don't you try me. I'm all
ears!
I think I'm hallucinating.
What?
I think I see  Tía Mirna.
Mirna!
No.
Hey, Daniel.
I'm sorry to call you so early
in the morning.
Your phone has been off and no
one seems to know where you are.
So, about the other day...
...I really need to talk to you.
I've been doing a lot of
thinking...
...and I just... I really need
to tell you something
important,...
...but I need to tell you face
to face.
So, if you could just give me a
call back... please.
Okay, bye.
[Heavy breathing]
Rodrigo!
[Daniel groans]
[Whistle]
I'm sorry.
I gotta get out of here.
So, you come all the way down
here just to leave? All by
yourself?
This whole trip was a mistake.
First, there's something
important that I need to talk to
you about.
Así que súbete.
No, you don't understand. I
gotta go, now!
Daniel.
You're not gonna like what I'm
going to say to you, but
Daisy,...
...she's just another girl.
This is about your family.
I don't care about this family!
You don't say that. There is
nothing more important than
family.
Who is that girl?
There's nobody there.
Listen Daniel, I'm real
concerned about you
because I think you might be
having a nervous breakdown about
this girl.
No.
No, I know what I saw. She was
just there and I'll prove it.
Daniel!
Ay güey.
Walk with me.
You know, my father...he told me
to always remember...
...that this land was created
from the desert.
He wanted his grandchildren and
his great grandchildren to see
what a man could make from
nothing.
This was the first tree he
planted here.
That is why we buried him here.
He was a giant among men.
I thought he was invincible.
Now, sometimes I wonder...
...if I hadn't insisted that
he'd take me to the beach that
day, he would still be alive
today.
Your mother and I wouldn't have
had to drag him out of the
ocean.
I want you to know that I loved
your mother...
...with all my heart.
We were twins. The same sole.
And here is something you may
not know... your father...I knew
him well.
He was the son of one of the
workers. He would come play with
us everyday.
As we grew up, your mother
started looking at him a
different way.
I mean, she never said it...
... but I knew. I knew that she
loved him.
Then, one night she came to me
crying...
...she was very upset and I
couldn't understand what she was
saying,
but I just thought he had hurt
her.
So, before she could say
anything, I just went out
looking for him.
Because anyone that hurts my
sister, is my enemy...
...even if he is my best friend.
Everyone said it was an
accident...
... but I killed him.
The families thought it was best
not to tell her...
...till after you were born, so
they just said he ran away.
Your grandmother took us to the
United States so you could be
born there.
At first. during the
pregnancy...
...things went surprisingly
well.
She loved you so much, Daniel.
After you were born...
...she became very depressed.
She couldn't handle it...
...and one day she just walked
out into the ocean...
...and she never came back.
I'm sorry, Daniel.
I can't take all this.
I just want to go home.
Daniel...
I just want to see Daisy.
I can't take this anymore
either.
Why did you bring me here?
I'm sorry.
I didn't ask for any of this.
I didn't ask to be brought into
the world like this.
I just want to go back to her.
Please, just let me go home.
Mom?
[¶ Guitar chord]
[¶ Guitar playing]
You know, I don't want to go
home.
This is my home.
[¶ Little Hippie playing]
[Daniel]
And at that moment, I realized
that I was an artist.
An artist deep rooted with love
and pain.
Daisy had given me pain, Rodrigo
gave me the love I never had...
...and the land gave me the
roots that made me who I am.
Rodrigo and I stayed down there
for quite a while,...
There is so much to discover, so
much to write about,...
...so many amazing things to
see.
I had no idea how rich the
desert could be.
When I came back, I went to see
Daisy.
I wanted to show her the gift
she'd given me
and to thank her
for loving me to the point of
letting me go.
As it turns out, she had been
calling me to tell me
that she
decided to give the father of
her baby a chance.
They got married and...
...they are still together till
this day.
Go figure.
¶ Little hippie, sitting by the
windowsill
¶ Waiting for a mystery man
¶ And she tells me he's the king
of the world
¶ I just wish she'd take my
hand.
¶ I could make her understand
¶ How can I show you how I feel
inside?
¶ When my feelings row with the
tide
¶ And a tear is just a drop of
lonely water
¶ In the ocean of a mind
¶ Think about her all the time
¶ She's a rose in a field of
daisies
¶ Not much older than the child
she bares
¶ So now I'm singing songs about
the little hippie
¶ With the flowers in her head
Will she know how much I cared?